I'm sitting down with a 19 years old
agency founder who's [music] just broke
50km RR. We're going to dive into his
story so far, the marketing channels
that have failed and the ones that have
worked tremendously and his
recommendations for B2B business owners
so you can fast [music] growth your
success, learn from his mistakes.
Sitting down with Samu. Let's dive into
it.
>> Samu, welcome mate. Give us a quick
snapshot of yourself and your business.
So, I run a YouTube organic video
agency. We basically create YouTube
videos for B2B businesses and help them
generate leads from that as well as
build their photo in their space. That's
what we do in a nutshell.
>> Awesome, man. And I think there's going
to be a lot of folks watching or
listening in that think, how the heck
has this guy hit 50K recurring revenue?
He's only 19 years old. So, for everyone
that's as curious as me, let's start
with a quick snapshot of the story so
far. like what got you into the YouTube
marketing, the YouTube video creation
game for B2B and SAS? How did you start
and kind of what what what's been the
story up to now?
>> Yeah, so it wasn't an overnight success
or anything. I started at 16, so like
three and a half years ago as like
freelance video editor. I just started
like editing videos for free in my room
because I had that skill growing up. I
was learning like Adobe Premiere Pro cuz
I was doing like shitty YouTube videos
when I was a kid, gaming videos and
stuff. So I had that skill and I had the
idea one day of like maybe I should, you
know, use that in some sort of business.
So, I just started freelancing really at
first just for free. Then I started
charging like $10 per video, $20 and
those first couple of, you know, dollars
coming in online were like the coolest
feeling ever. And yeah, since then I
just got hooked on it and I wanted to
really scale it up since then. Yeah,
after being a freelancer, I transitioned
into an agency. I hired the first couple
of people. I got out of the production.
So, I wasn't editing anymore. I was
focusing on the business, the strategy
side of things. Throughout the time, we
were learning more and more about
YouTube, what works. I was working with
different creators businesses and slowly
but surely I got more like specified in
the B2B space. I was working with more
and more like B2B businesses and that's
where I kind of found my niche where I
found my expertise where I found really
my sort of place in the market. So
that's kind of like a snapshot of it.
Love it. Let's dive in a bit deeper. So
I'm curious to know when you were 16 or
so, what sparked that motivation to make
you think, I want to kind of start doing
this. I want to start making some cash
online and kind of growing my own thing
cuz I know for example when I was 16 I
was probably gaming all the time maybe
going out with mates having drinks not
like business was probably not even on
my radar. I didn't even think of it as a
thing. How did that all come about?
>> Yeah. So I was in high school and I was
like just desperate for like freedom. I
wanted to like make my own money. I
wanted to do whatever I wanted and I
also didn't want to go to college. Like
that was one thing that I knew like I
okay this I'm studying right now but I
don't want to study like four more years
after that. I was just so like I had
enough of it. So I set it sort of my
mission of like before finishing high
school I wanted to make enough money so
I can sustain myself. That was my goal
which I achieved relatively quickly.
Like when I started out I had like the
ski to 3 years to achieve that and I
kind of achieved that like very very
early. So after that my goal post was
set a lot you know higher lot further
but yeah that was like the main
motivation is is I just wanted freedom.
I didn't want to go to college. I just
didn't want to go down the normal route.
I know that wasn't for me. So I said
okay this is my chance. video editing
and like video creation is my chance to
kind of achieve that and and avoid that
path. So that's what I did. I just
double down on it and it was definitely
hard at the beginning and it's still
hard. Like it's just not an easy process
to do. It's very unusual compared to
what other people do in my age. It's
definitely super rewarding. Love it. And
what would you say? Like I've got so
many friends that are maybe my age, I'm
34, possibly younger, some older and so
many I speak to like have these ideas
about businesses they want to run, let
alone kind of getting stuck in and
actually doing it at 16. Like what would
you say to those people that are kind of
basically procrastinating, right? Like
they've got this idea, they've got this
concept, they could just do it, but
they're constantly putting off. Like
what would you say to give them the push
or what perhaps gave you the push at the
time?
>> Yeah, good question. I would say like
the biggest one for me is just like
thinking about what will happen in like
five or 10 years if you just keep doing
what you're doing right now and just
don't change. Like for me, I knew like
the clock was ticking. As I said, I had
like two to three years to make it work.
Otherwise, I'll have to go to college.
like my parents won't let me not go to
college if I don't have anything to show
for it. So I needed that I had that sort
of that night. So I was like okay I need
to make it work. I start to put my head
down and and just make it work and
really for people that don't have the
urgency they will never never act on it.
So you need some sort of urgency in your
life either you just thinking about like
what will happen in 5 to 10 years or you
have actual like a set deadline like in
my case you start to find that urgency
and like just really get motivation from
that cuz otherwise like nothing will
change really like you just need to get
started using that sort of motivation. M
that's a great way to frame it right
like what happens if I don't do this in
a year 5 years 10 years from now and I
think what you mentioned as well saying
look this is where we're at now it might
be fresh or it might be you've done a
year in business you've hit a certain
goal but by year two I need to get here
this is the milestone if I don't this
happens but more importantly like let's
break this down into actual activities
daily habits daily behaviors that can
slowly but surely chip away and
contribute to meaningfully getting
through that goal and I think getting
that down in writing is like one of the
most important steps. Then you've got a
clear milestone. In my case, I think I
put it on my desktop computer. As soon
as I log on each day, I see like this is
the target. This is the channels we're
running now. This is what's working.
This is what not. This is the
experiments we're taking and more. Real
quick, if you want to start fueling your
sales team with a steady stream of
leads, demos, or booked calls from SEO
and organic search across AI and Google.
Why not grab a call with myself over at
breaking.com?
We can chat through exactly how SEO
could potentially help your business
drive a steady stream of inbound through
organic search. Head over to
breakingb.com or hit the link in
description below. Right, back to the
video. So, let's dive into kind of some
of the actionables that folks kind of
tuning in can take away and put into
practice. It's like you've given us an
idea of kind of where you started and
where you've got to. Talk us through
kind of what's worked for yourself to
drive growth. It'd be great to hear kind
of some of the early things you did to
grow, what failed hard, what worked a
treat, and kind of what's what's been
helping your success over the last kind
of few months.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, like I've tried
everything or at least most of it. There
are certain things, as you said, that
worked, certain things that didn't. One
thing that I would definitely recommend
for anyone who's either starting out or
still in the beginning stages like they
may not have that much testimonials,
who's also they haven't broken into the
industry they wanted to to break into is
to work for free. And just really don't
be afraid to take those risk of like
doing something for free without right
away return cuz if you do good work like
that's the fastest way to like break
into any sort of industry or get the
furthest is to just do work for free for
for the right people like for people
that already ideal clients or like
literally your dream clients. That's
what I did when starting out and when I
didn't have like any case studies or
stuff like that. I was I knew I like we
did good work but still I didn't have
those like big big results and those
like big names in my my portfolio or
anything. So what I did was really like
leading with free value. In my case,
this was I I wrote like thousands of
free YouTube scripts for like my dream
ideal clients, just sending it out to
them without any like upfront thing.
That was what I was doing for a long
long time. And this really like got me
the foundational clients that I have
still right now. It it even landed you
as well like that that's how I started
working with you and that was great for
me like especially when starting out for
anyone who's starting out in the
beginning of their B2B business or any
like service service business. I think
it's very relevant is to just find the
right type of people who would be your
ideal clients, your dream clients and
then do some sort of upfront free work
for them without any questions and just
send it to them and really make sure
that they can get value out of that
without them having to go to you get on
a call or anything. Just like pure value
and then if they see it's actually good
and they're like actually satisfied with
that, they will go to you. They will ask
you for more work. They will book a call
with you and from there if you just land
like a couple of these people then you
will start to get referrals. then you
will start get case studies and from
that is just so much easier. So you
really just have to get those couple of
people using this way. So that was how I
I I started that was like the main
strategy work for me and since then a
couple of things that have been working
for me very well like there are a couple
of things. First one is content. So I
right now my focus is definitely on
organic content and building my personal
brand really just showing people that
I'm a real home human. I can provide
value like I know what I'm doing and
really showcasing that throughout my
content. In my personal case, that's
LinkedIn and YouTube content. That's the
combination that works for me the best
personally. I I post only five times per
week. And I try to do like one YouTube
video per week, which I've been slacking
on right now. But that's definitely what
I what I recommend for my clients as
well. And this combination really worked
for me because people might find you on
like other platforms, but when you have
the content in the back end, they'll be
able to go through it. They will be able
to binge watch all that content and just
really trust you and and that's has been
a game changer. And no matter what you
know outreach method you use ads hold
email all that like other marketing
channels like this sort of content uh
foundation will help you a lot. Apart
from that what the other pillar is or
like what my other best advice is in
terms of marketing and what I found
works best is just doing good work and
just focusing on referrals and word of
mouth because if you can like get that
system going that will just compound
because the more word of mouth you get
like the more referrals the more clients
you have but then those clients will
refer you as well. So like once that
starts like it's just it's very hard to
stop it. So if if you just focus on good
work and that that will start happening
as sooner or later and that has been the
main driver for my growth during the
last couple of months where I kind of 2x
or 3x the business that's been like the
literally the only reason why I was
always able to do that. So yeah these
are the the methods that kind of work
for me.
>> Good stuff. So I think one part that
sometimes goes unnoticed is I went
through it as well. If you're
bootstrapped, so you don't have funding
and you're looking to grow a B2B
business, could be service agency like
we've both got, could be a SAS company,
like the scrappiness that you need at
the start is unmatched in the sense that
you did cold outreach like to myself
like Samu said about a year ago when he
outreached to me, offered to do a free
script and video, ended up being awesome
and then we've worked with him ever
since on our YouTube game. We were the
same like we were fortunate in the sense
that I had a background. So I worked in
a web agency for several years.
Eventually after many years of pain work
trying to work for everyone and anyone
kind of defined my ICP and realize that
we work best with B2B services ideally
B2B SAS and tech companies because they
have the problem we solve around AEO and
SEO. They're motivated to solve it and
these marketers and these SAS teams have
cash to invest and appreciate the value
which I think you've gone through the
hardship as well trying to sell to
various other personas and eventually
kind of landing on these clients are
good fit. They appreciate the value.
They have cash to spend and they they're
motivated to get the job done. So I
think that mapping out that dream client
will take a bit of back and forth and
pain and all those things. It's just a
lesson that you've got to learn as a
founder. If you can shortcut that
process and you have a ICP already,
awesome. It's going to save you a lot of
time and pain. And then the scrainess
like in your case, you did the manual
outreach. In our case, when we started
the company, we had barely any cash like
almost 2 years ago at breaking B2B. So I
just found a freelancer for cold email.
He helped me build a cold email engine
and I was manually crafting these cold
emails and reaching out to tech
marketing and SAS marketing leaders
offering a free SEO video review and
audit manually recording tons of Loom
videos and eventually a few of those
were grab a booked call and one of those
clients events there actually has ended
up being a long-term client for us and
it just shows that these methods are
take a lot of late nights and hours and
time and pain but that's how you're
going to get your initial cash flow and
that's how you're going to get cash in
the blank to then fuel the other
marketing channels that might be more
foundational and longer term and like
you Word of mouth is nothing really
beats that. Delivering a good product,
maintaining customer happiness. And
something we try to do, which I think
you're the same, is like we're really
trying to SOP at Breaking B to be like a
go 5% above and beyond what we promised.
It's like doing extra touches, extra
recommendations, looking at folks like
go to marketing, giving them extra Loom
video ideas, and just kind of really
trying to ramp up because retention is
so important, right, as a B2B service
agency. So, I think what you've said
there is is super helpful for folks.
>> Yeah, I definitely agree. And yeah, if
you don't have like retention, you will
never scale after like a certain point.
So yeah, that's that's definitely
something that's that's great strategy
is just trying to like give that extra
touch to your clients and and just
trying to even like be friends with
them, just connect on a personal level
and obviously apart from that, just
provide a ton more value outside of what
your normal scope of work is, whatever
that can be. So you have to be creative
with that. But yeah, that's kind of a
great way to, you know, retention and
just achieve a lower turn and higher
retention. Any tips? So we haven't
talked we talked a little bit about kind
of the early stages and growing the
business and kind of going to market.
Any bottlenecks that you face Sammy
around maybe the sales process the
pricing side of things or anything else
I I guess in terms of actually kind of
acquiring clients and growing the
business that might be useful for folks
Julian.
>> Yeah so there are certain bottlenecks
that I'm facing right now that were
bottlenecks that I was facing in the
past. So in the past the main
bottlenecks that I was facing is similar
to what you talked about earlier is just
finding your ICP and and finding who you
want to work with cuz if you like really
work with the wrong people that can mess
up your whole business like that will
you know mess up your retention that
will be it will mess up the results that
you get for clients like all of it. So
if you don't nail that like that will be
very hard to scale. I made these
mistakes in past. I was working with
many of the wrong people just not the
right fit you know businesses and that
slowed me down for sure but that was
something that I since solved pretty
much. So it's right right now we are
like very focused on on our ICP and like
we have super good retention rate thank
god this year especially and we we've
been focusing on that. So we kind of
solved that couple main bottlenecks that
I'm I'm still like working on on solving
is is uh definitely like the the team
aspect how I can get out of delivery
fully how I can automate the business
more how I can focus on the the tasks
that are really moving the the needle
forward as a as a founder. I'm you know
yet to find like specific solutions for
a couple of these but yeah that's
definitely what I'm working on right
now.
>> Hey appreciate it man. Thanks for being
transparent on kind of what you
struggled with, what's working, what's
not. What's the plan for the next 12
months and the years ahead?
>> Yeah, so definitely the plan is to just
stack a lot more like high-profile
clients and just get crazy crazy
results. We are scaling very nicely all
of our clients right now and and we are
getting like better and better case
studies which is great and which is
definitely something that will drive our
growth moving into next year. But yeah,
the plan is just like lend even better
clients, even bigger companies and just
really scale them as well. So we get
like more and more like insane case
studies and also with that more and more
introductions to high level people, high
level companies where I can just go in
there uh show my work obviously they
trust me because of all my other clients
that I work with and this way I just
dominate this entire sort of niche of
B2B SAS and B2B service businesses.
That's really my my goal for next year.
In terms of revenue wise it's hard to
say you know it would be good to get to
a couple million dollars per year in
terms of ARR. That's my goal, but like I
I don't have like yet a specific set of
goals set for for next year. But yeah,
we'll see. Nice, man. And I think one
thing that you've touched on a few times
is business coach said this to me once,
like create undeniable evidence that you
can deliver like easily for your dream
clients, which is what you said. Just
stack up case studies, even if that
means working for free or working for a
low price to start with if they are the
dream client. Cuz the first thing people
ask for on sales calls is like, can I
see results? And if you've got that
stacked on your website, which is
something you've done, something we do,
like you hit the results page on
Breaking Bad and there's literally like
20 different video review testimonials
with SAS marketing leaders and founders,
just why they chose us, problem they
faced, why we partnered, results gained,
etc. If you can just stack that, you
just leverage that on your website, your
landing pages, your newsletter, your own
YouTube or podcast, and then you've just
got it everywhere. So it's just easy for
folks to see that you can deliver and
they don't have to waste time on kind of
jumping on client calls and all that
kind of stuff. So I think that's yeah
super super super helpful in terms of
kind of getting that understanding and
also weird thing in certainly the agency
world is often the lower paying clients
are more difficult I found I expect
you've probably seen the same thing like
which is annoying when you're starting
out cuz it's difficult cuz you have less
evidence but then these clients that are
typically the smaller businesses they
want to pay the least but they expect
the most and they're the ones that are
constantly nitpicking almost to the
point where they ruin the end
deliverables because they think their
opinion is better than the actually you
as the professional and it's almost like
you have to go through that pain, but
then get to nailing down your ICP and
realizing these folks will happily pay
more. They know that you're you're the
expert to deliver the solution. They'll
pay you and let you get on with it.
They'll give you your feedback when when
you ask for it and maybe occasionally.
And it's just one of those funny
processes that sadly a lot of agency
owners have to go through. But with
that, I appreciate you taking the time,
man. I appreciate you sharing the ups
and downs and kind of what the plan is
now and what's worked, what hasn't. For
anyone that wants to get in touch for
help with YouTube and marketing for
their B2B company, what's the best way
to get in touch?
>> Yeah, thank you, mate. So yeah, I have
my LinkedIn where I'm very active. So
that's kind of the best way to reach me.
Feel free to connect with me on
LinkedIn, DM me and I'm always available
there. I also have a website which will
be able to like link and can book a call
with me there. We have all our
testimonials and yeah, thanks for having
me. I hope that this was at least
valuable for a couple of people maybe
starting out on maybe a little bit
further on that journey. And yeah, hope
to do and have a similar talk with you
soon when we scal a little bit more as
well. Cheers, man. Chat soon.